---
title: About
---

This is the little cache of html on the internet dedicated to me, Michael Carpenter (aka oldmanmike on the internet), and my drive to master my craft as a software engineer. I currently work in the IT department of Earlham College where I recently finished my degree, but in my free time I write a lot of Haskell (among many other languages) and working on [OpenSandbox](https://github.com/oldmanmike/opensandbox) and its satellite projects. Within the domain of software, my main areas pertain mainly to exploring topics of game development, distributed & parallel computing, and machine learning through the lens of a purely functional programming paradigm. My current open source focus is to fully scout the capabilities and limitations of Haskell and its ability to be a useful programming language for real work. I have yet to hit a wall. The purpose of this blog is to document the interesting, showcase the unappreciated, and question the assumed. It's to explain that which I cannot do justice with ad-hoc words on the spot and to off-load that which has been thrashing around in my mental cache and needs a concrete home in markdown. Hopefully you find something here of value.

Outside of software, I'm a huge fan of off-kilter hip hop and instrumental rock and regularly log hours into CS:GO and Minecraft along with whatever mind blowing game has proven to be worth my time. I'm eagerly awaiting the next season of Bojack Horseman and Mr. Robot like everyone else and when I get the chance, I love roughing it out on trips out into the wilderness/outdoors, with it's distinct lack of bright computer screens and distractive internet connection.

Most of my work can be found on [Github](https://github.com/oldmanmike). If you want to contact me, send me an email at [mcarpenter.dev@gmail.com](mcarpenter.dev@gmail.com).
